This code has a bunch of built-in assumptions, limitations, and just bad
choices. 

Here I will try to document these various "flaws":

Location of photos is hardcoded.  Photos are assumed to reside under the 
/mnt/wizhome/scottg/Photos directory.

"Good" photos are assumed to have a "a" suffix, which used to be a convention
we used whenever we editted a photo.

There is some "hardcoding" of file paths including the text "Jaques".

The number of photos to be selected for each run is set using an environment
variable early in the script.  This would be a perfect candidate to move out
into a config file.

Location of the day's list of images is hardcoded.  It should probably be
optional, and the location configurable.

Location of the general log file is hardcoded.  It should probably be
optional, and the location configurable rather than hardcoded in several
places. 

Location of the HTML page of the day's images is hardcoded.  It should probably
be optional, and the location configurable.

The start script calls "fbset" twice, once with a depth of 8 and then with a 
depth of 16.  Is there any reason not to eliminate the first one?

Photos are assumed to be in jpeg format (more specifically, only files ending
with the glob ".j*g" are selected.

Photos are assumed to have the date they were taken somewhere in their path.
(typically either in a directory named with the date, or the filename itself)

Inconsistency:  "recent" pictures are determined based on file mtime.  But, 
anniversay pictures are determed based on directory/file name, ignoring mtime.

Anniversary pictures are hardcoded for "today's date plus or minus one day". It
would be nice to have this range be configurable.

Different photo selection criteria are chosen by creating a different hard-
coded script and changing a symlink to point to the new code.  It would be nice
to remove all of the hard-coding of the script, and replacing it with a "config
file".  One could then have different versions of the config file instead of 
different versions of the script.

The timing of when photo display starts and stops is defined by both a cron job
AND in the photo_frame_boot_start.sh script.  It would be nice to have a way to
define this timing in just one place to eliminate the opportunity for
inconsistencies.

